coursera Financial aid questions & answers
by Bhargav Joshi on November 05, 2019
Image result for coursera financial aid





Q1)Why are you applying for Financial Aid?
I am in my second year of B.E in college in India. I am currently unemployed and I am yet to be placed in my college. My father is a teacher in a rural area in India. My mother is a homemaker who keeps assisting my father. This course is therefore too expensive for me to afford. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

Q2)How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?
My main career goal is to learn every day. I want to learn and to progress in my career. Programming requires constant learning and improving. Taking this course will help me to learn and study this to implement it. It can help me advance in my knowledge. Identifying which aspects of data science and python seem most important and relevant to us, Walking away with a strong foundation in where data science and python is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. This course will help me achieve it to learn. Courses on Coursera helped me to greatly increase programming knowledge, they are great. I want to improve my resume by completing these courses and writing them in my resume and collecting certificates to show them while required. I am a ch enthusiast and hard-working want to make his career bright. Theseses no only will teach me the new languages will help me to improve myself.

Q3)If you answered no, please help us understand why
I don’t possess a good financial condition at this stage to afford for this course for the above mentioned reasons.

Thanks for reading
Try this , it works.
